So far, you have learned to keep EHR data secure,
analyze EHR data, apply and handle code sets,
and transform and engineer features.
That's a lot, but you're not done just yet.
It's now time to bring everything together and build, evaluate,
and interpret your models,
all with a keen watch over bias and uncertainty.
In the first part, you will get hands-on with using TensorFlow DenseFeatures for a model.
In this part, you'll use DenseFeatures to
build a simple regression model and review how to
combine the output from the TensorFlow feature column features you created earlier.
Next up is model evaluation.
You will first review some common evaluation metrics for EHR models,
and then learn to implement Brier scores,
which is relevant for uncertainty estimation later.
After model evaluation, you'll conduct a demographic bias analysis and
become familiar with a framework out of the University of Chicago called Aequitas.
We will use this framework for group bias and fairness disparity analysis.
Once you have a solid grasp on demographic bias analysis,
you will become introduced to uncertainty estimation and TensorFlow probability.
You'll also review some of the underlying concepts for
Bayesian probability and types of
uncertainty that are very important in evaluating model performance.
Finally, you will interpret models with Shapley values.
You will first review model interpretability and some model-agnostic methods,
then you will use one of those methods, Shapley values.
We have a ton to cover in this lesson,
so let's get building.